AIR Example for Build Support 

README

Usage:
This is an example AIR project, designed to be used with the
https://github.com/tehfoo/buildsupport repository. The build.xml file has been
written to utilize the importable tasks from buildsupport, providing an
example of how quickly a standard flex project can implement Ant based build
tasks.

Installation:
YOU MUST REFERENCE THE BUIDSUPPORT LIBRARY PROJECT 
AT THE ROOT LEVEL OF THIS EXAMPLE.

How:
1) clone buildsupport into the project root
1a) to ease use on multiple projects, clone to a tools directory, and symlink 
   into your project root
2) copy buildsupport/example.build.properties to <project-root}/build/, 
   rename build.properties
3) modify build.properties to represent your local settings 
   (path to flex SDK should be it)
4) run ant -projecthelp to see what tasks are available
5) run any of the ant tasks you would like, and see the results 
   in <project-root/build/output


Assumption:
Most projects follow a simple pattern of a base directory, with source in an
src folder, libraries in a libs folder, and no drama. If that's the case, you
can set project.name and flex.home.dir properties, and you should be all set.
If your project's structure is different (more complex), you will probably
need to create more specific ant targets or provide custom compiler
configuration to make this all work.

See the https://github.com/tehfoo/buildsupport repository documentation for
more details


TROUBLE?

  Q: "[taskdef] Could not load definitions from resource flexTasks.tasks. 
    It could not be found."
  A: Most likely your flex.home.dir path in build.properties is set wrong
  
  Q: "... /base-macros.xml:59: Problem: failed to create task or type mxmlc
    Cause: The name is undefined."
  A: Most likely your flex.home.dir path in build.properties is set wrong
  
  Q: package-adt returns error around timestamp
  A: you are trying to package without being connected to the internet, or
    you are behind a proxy that blocks the timestamp server